==================================
Documentation for edX Partners
==================================

Building and Running an edX Course
**********************************
 
* The :ref:`partnercoursestaff:Working with Problem Components` and
  :ref:`partnercoursestaff:Numerical Input Problem` sections have clearer
  information about using the **Randomization** setting.

* The :ref:`partnercoursestaff:Answer Data` section no longer contains
  references to features on the **Analytics** page of the Instructor Dashboard.
  Course data is available in edX Insights.

* The :ref:`partnercoursestaff:View a Specific Student's Assigned Problems from
  a Randomized Content Block` and :ref:`partnercoursestaff:Adjust Grades for a
  Problem from a Randomized Problem Block` sections have been added.

* Information about previewing courseware as a specific student has been added
  to the :ref:`partnercoursestaff:Preview Cohort-Specific Courseware` and
  :ref:`partnercoursestaff:View Your Live Course` sections.


==================================
Documentation for Open edX Users
==================================

Building and Running an Open edX Course
****************************************
 
* The :ref:`opencoursestaff:Working with Problem Components` and
  :ref:`opencoursestaff:Numerical Input Problem` sections have clearer
  information about using the **Randomization** setting.

* The ref:`opencoursestaff:Answer Data` section no longer contains references
  to features on the **Analytics** page of the Instructor Dashboard. Course
  data is available in edX Insights.
